Lesson Plan 03, ISTA-322 Cohort 3
Chapter 3, Professional ASP.NET MVC 5
September 20, 2017
1 Discussion Questions
Chapter 3, Pages: 49 — 74

1. What is a view?
the view isassumed to be stateless. This fits nicely with the HTTP requests and responses 
that underpin a Web application.Further, MVC forces a separation of concerns—the domain 
model and controller logic are decoupled from the
user interface. 

2. What is the similarity between view names and controller names? 
What is the di?erence between the two?


3. Where in the directory structure of an ASP.NET MVC application do views live?
The whole point of a web application platform is to construct and display dynamic output. In MVC, it is the
controller’s job to construct some data and pass it to the view, which is responsible for rendering it to HTML.
One way to pass data from the controller to the view is by using the ViewBag object, which is a member of the
Controller base class. ViewBag is a dynamic object to which you can assign arbitrary properties, making those values
available in whatever view is subsequently rendered. Listing 2-6 demonstrates passing some simple dynamic data in
this way in the HomeController.cs file.

4. What is a ViewBag object? What does it do?
ViewBag is a dynamic object to which you can assign arbitrary properties, making those values
available in whatever view is subsequently rendered.

5. What does the at symbol (@) do? Can you excape it? If so, how?
can be used before a string literal to change how the compiler parses the string. 

6. Convention-over-Configuration (CoC) is an approach to software design that seeks to assign a specific 
conventional meaning to predefined code structures. If the developer is happy with the convention, 
then there is little or no need for configuration.

7. What is a ActionResult object? How do these objects interact with views?
The action result system lets us encapsulate and reuse common responses in actions.

8. What are strongly typed views?
A strongly typed view is intended to render a specific domain type, and if I specify the type I want
to work with (GuestResponse in this case), MVC can create some helpful shortcuts to make it easier.

9. How does Razor combine HTML and C# code?


10. Where do layouts live in the directory structure of an ASP.NET MVC application?
In the layout properties in the views folder.

11. What are the di?erences between a partial view and a “full view?”
A partial view is a "sub-view" that you embed within a main view - something that you might reuse across multiple views, like a sidebar.